this is down at how to airbrush Calm
airbrush technique magazine in this
beginners airbrush beginners tip we're
going to be looking at frisket film
frisket film is a masking material used
in illustrations mostly comes in sheets
and also rolls of various widths it's
marketed by a whole bunch of different
companies it's all basically the same
it's mo tack a plastic-like material
here we have our dry on our surface you
always want to keep your painting
surface as clean as possible so keep
your lines real light what you're going
to do is just start the fresh get off
the backing place it on your drawing
surface pick it up and pull the backing
off
like so give yourself a spreader or
something like that
help squeegee the air bubbles out you
don't want to use this with solvent
based paint if you do what will happen
is it'll leave a bunch of glue on the
surface when you try and pull the
frisket up so don't use it with solvent
based paint it's fine for water-based
paint and there we have our little
pumpkin drawing all masks keep the
backing okay so that when you cut these
parts out you have some place to put
them so you can replace them back on
your painting if you need you cut
frisket we have the exacto knife number
11 blade you use new blades all the time
you let the blade do the work you know
hardly put any pressure on it just let
the new blade do the cutting
you go through and you cut the whole
painting out and then remove the frisket
from the areas you want to paint one at
a time
place them on your backing so you have
them you remove one you can replace the
other one you just took off
that's frisket film it's just a plastic
low tack material you can buy at any art
supply store any airbrush retailer
it cuts easy with number eleven exacto
blades use new blades all the time I
hope you find this little tip helpful
it's a great masking material frisket
film is I'm sure you use it a lot this
is done at how to airbrush airbrush
technique magazine go to how to airbrush
there's hundreds of free airbrush
tutorials there go to itunes and
download our airbrush magazine app if
you have an iPad until next time it's
just paint have fun relax